[Music]
seven great tips for outstanding makeup
you don't need to be a makeup artist to
look gorgeous emphasize your beauty and
look flawless every single day all you
need to do is to use some clever tips
one of the most amazing beauty tricks
how to draw a perfect winged eyeliner is
also on the list one contour your face
contouring can help enhance the
attractive features you've already got
to get the perfect base contouring try
to use concealers of different colors
apply your foundation first then apply
the concealer the foundation makes your
skintone smoother and the concealer
accents your facial features to contour
your nose to make your nose look shapely
and cute you don't need to go under the
knife the truth is your nose shape is
already perfect if you want to contour
it a bit just apply darker concealer
along the sides and under the tip of
your nose and blend it out three
emphasize your eyebrows thick eyebrows
have always been in demand get the
perfect eyebrow shape outline your brows
with a pencil the bottom line first then
the upper one now fill in your eyebrows
with short lines
or make your eyes expressive what bigger
why your eyes use a highlighter to make
them look fresh and glowing first add a
pinch of highlighter to the inner
corners of your eyes then of your
highlighter on the lower lid finally
apply highlighter to the brow bone to
give the illusion of larger eyes
voila he looks gorgeous 5 brush your
eyelashes all you need to get flawless
eye lashes is a new toothbrush run it
through your lashes from root to tip the
bristles will grab the excess mascara
for fanned out gorgeous lashes 6 apply
eyeliner like a pro to form your arrow
first draw a thin line from the outer
corner of your eye towards the brow then
add one more thin line from almost the
middle of the eye and connected through
the first line fill in your arrow make
sure you don't leave any blank spot 7
make your lips plump want to get bigger
lips and a few easy ears how moisturize
your lips with some lip balm first then
slightly powder the entire lip area
outlined your lip contour with a pencil
and then apply a darker lipstick to the
corners and the lighter one to the
middle shade the two colors a little bit
8 always moisturize your lips never
apply lipstick directly over your dry
and unprepared lip always prepare your
lips like foliate again go over your
list of the lips on and scrub it with a
wet wipe after that going once more with
your lip balm moisturize them
[Music]
now if you could completely reinvent
your book what would you do first
unleash your creativity and share your
thoughts in the comments below and if
you're visiting our channel for the
first time do not forget to click
Subscribe